Added README.md for the Project (#5)
McChronicle/BingeSkipper: README.md

# Netflix AutoSkip

## What is this?

> This is a simple plugin for Chromium based and Firefox based browsers that skips the following Netflix screens:
> 
> - The "Who's watching?" screen
> - The "Skip Intro" button
> - The "Continue Watching" button

Reviewer: this extension doesn't skip the "who's watching" screen, but it auto clicks "next episode"
```suggestion
This is a simple plugin for Chromium based and Firefox based browsers that skips the following Netflix screens:

- The "Skip Intro" button
- The "Continue Watching" button
- The "Next Episode" button (credits)
```

> ## How to install

Reviewer: maybe put the instructions below under a "install manually" section, as the standard way for installing should probaply be via the browser extension stores
```suggestion
## How to install
### Chromium based browsers
1. Visit the page for this extension [in the chrome web store](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/netflix-autoskip/oglhelhnbhiigifcgohdmhgaodaonhjl)
2. Click "add"
3. Enjoy! Updates will be applied automatically as we publish them on the chrome web store.

### Firefox based browsers
1. Visit the page for this extension [in the firefox addon store](https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/netflix-autoskip/)
2. Click "add to firefox"
3. Enjoy! Updates will be applied automatically as we publish them on the firefox addon store.

### Manual installation
```
